wallenbergs fight bid for swedish match stake sweden's wallenberg group fought back a bid by the london-based swedish financier erik penser to secure a large stake in swedish match &lt;smbs st>, one of the companies at the core of their business empire. a statement issued by the wallenberg holding companies ab investor and forvaltnings ab providentia said they had taken over an option held by nobel industrier sweden ab to acquire 33 pct of the voting rights in swedish match. thre wallenbergs paid nobel industrier &lt;nobl st>, in which penser group has a 72 pct stake, about 20 pct over the market price for the swedish match option, the statement said. swedish match's b shares open to foreign buyers closed at 424 crowns on friday. the a shares -- with increased voting rights -- closed at 450 crowns for the restricted and 455 for the free shares. the statement said the deal increased investor's stake to 49.4 pct of the voting rights and 14.8 pct of the share capital while providentia is left holding 34.1 pct of the voting rights and 14.5 pct of the share capital in swedish match. the wallenbergs' stake in swedish match had previously amounted to 52 pct of the voting rights in the company. the swedish match deal will cost the wallenbergs about 400 mln crowns, share analysts said, making it one of the most expensise moves the group has undertaken in the last four years to defend its far-flung interests from outside predators. the wallenbergs originally sold nobel industrier, an arms and chemicals group, to penser in 1984 to pay for buying volvo &lt;volv st> out of two other key group companies, atlas copco &lt;asts st> and stora koppabergs &lt;skps st>. since then, the wallenbergs were ousted as the largest shareholders in skf (skfr st> by skanska ab &lt;skbs st> and frederik lundberg wrested control of incentive ab from them. lundberg, a zurich-based swedish property tycoon, also managed to acquire a 25 pct stake in another wallenberg company, the diary equipment firm alfa -laval ab &lt;alfs st>. during 1986, the wallenbergs have been concentrating on building up their stake in investor and providentia to prevent any raid on the heart of their business empire. but analysts say the wallenbergs' position in the electrical engineering firm asea ab &lt;asea st> is also too small at 12.6 pct of the voting rights and there has been growing speculation that the group will be forced to sell off fringe interests to protect its core activities. 